Validation Fixes (#255)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/routes/isochrone-data.md

---
title: "Isochrone Data | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "This article outlines Isochrone data, listing descriptions of the IsochroneResponse resource fields."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This article describes the response returned by the Isochrone API, that contains either an IsochoneResponse resource or an RouteProxyAsyncStatus resource.
```
